# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

* [`dropbear`](#dropbear): Install and configure dropbear using puppet.

## Classes

### <a name="dropbear"></a>`dropbear`

Install and configure dropbear using puppet.

#### Examples

##### Install Dropbear

```puppet
include 'dropbear'
```

##### Install Dropbear with no-default configuration.

```puppet
class { 'dropbear':
    port       => 443,
    extra_args => '-s',
    banner     => '/etc/banner',
}
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `dropbear` class:

* [`no_start`](#-dropbear--no_start)
* [`port`](#-dropbear--port)
* [`extra_args`](#-dropbear--extra_args)
* [`banner`](#-dropbear--banner)
* [`receive_window`](#-dropbear--receive_window)
* [`package_name`](#-dropbear--package_name)
* [`package_version`](#-dropbear--package_version)
* [`service_name`](#-dropbear--service_name)
* [`start_service`](#-dropbear--start_service)
* [`rsakey`](#-dropbear--rsakey)
* [`dsskey`](#-dropbear--dsskey)
* [`cfg_file`](#-dropbear--cfg_file)
* [`manage_config`](#-dropbear--manage_config)

##### <a name="-dropbear--no_start"></a>`no_start`

Data type: `Optional[Enum['0', '1']]`

Integer (0|1) used to prevent dropbear start.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-dropbear--port"></a>`port`

Data type: `Stdlib::Port`

Integer, dropbear listen port

Default value: `22`

##### <a name="-dropbear--extra_args"></a>`extra_args`

Data type: `Optional[String[1]]`

Extra argument passed to dropbear deamon (see man)

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-dropbear--banner"></a>`banner`

Data type: `Optional[String[1]]`

Display the contents of the file banner before user login.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-dropbear--receive_window"></a>`receive_window`

Data type: `Integer[1]`

Specify the per-channel receive window buffer size.
Increasing this may improve network performance at the expense of memory use.
Use -h to see the default buffer size.

Default value: `65536`

##### <a name="-dropbear--package_name"></a>`package_name`

Data type: `String[1]`

Dropbear package name.

Default value: `'dropbear'`

##### <a name="-dropbear--package_version"></a>`package_version`

Data type: `String[1]`

Version of the Dropbear package

Default value: `'installed'`

##### <a name="-dropbear--service_name"></a>`service_name`

Data type: `String[1]`

Dropbear service name.

Default value: `'dropbear'`

##### <a name="-dropbear--start_service"></a>`start_service`

Data type: `Boolean`

Boolean to control whether to ensure the service is running

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-dropbear--rsakey"></a>`rsakey`

Data type: `Stdlib::Absolutepath`

Use the contents of the file rsakey for the rsa host key
This file is generated with dropbearkey

Default value: `'/etc/dropbear/dropbear_rsa_host_key'`

##### <a name="-dropbear--dsskey"></a>`dsskey`

Data type: `Stdlib::Absolutepath`

Use the contents of the file dsskey for the DSS host key
Note that some SSH implementations use the term "DSA" rather than "DSS",
they mean the same thing. This file is generated with dropbearkey.

Default value: `'/etc/dropbear/dropbear_dss_host_key'`

##### <a name="-dropbear--cfg_file"></a>`cfg_file`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Absolutepath]`

Location of configuration file.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-dropbear--manage_config"></a>`manage_config`

Data type: `Boolean`

Whether to let the module manage the config file or not.

Default value: `true`

